[CI:DOCS] Add documentation on ignore_chown_errors (#10525)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/podman.1.md

Currently the slirp4netns package is required to be installed to create a network device, otherwise rootless containers need to run in the network namespace of the host.

> In certain enviroments like HPC (High Performance Computing) users are not allowed to take advantage of the additional UIDs and GIDs from the /etc/subuid and /etc/subgid systems.  Even in this environment you are allowed to use rootless podman with a single UID.  You need to set the `ignore_chown_errors` option in the /etc/containers/storage.conf or in ~/.config/containers/storage.conf. This option tells podman when pulling an image to ignore chown errors when it attempts to change a file in a container image to match the non root UID in the image. This means all files get saved as the user's UID. Note this could cause issues when running the container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In certain environments like HPC (High Performance Computing), users cannot take advantage of the additional UIDs and GIDs from the /etc/subuid and /etc/subgid systems.  However, in this environment, rootless Podman can operate with a single UID.  To make this work, set the `ignore_chown_errors` option in the /etc/containers/storage.conf or in ~/.config/containers/storage.conf files. This option tells Podman when pulling an image to ignore chown errors when attempting to change a file in a container image to match the non-root UID in the image. This means all files get saved as the user's UID. Note this could cause issues when running the container.
```

### **NOTE:** Unsupported file systems in rootless mode

> The Overlay file system (OverlayFS) is not supported with older kernels in rootless mode.  The fuse-overlayfs package is a tool that provides the functionality of OverlayFS in user namespace that allows mounting file systems in rootless environments.  It is recommended to install the fuse-overlayfs package.  In rootless mode Podman will automatically use the fuse-overlafs program as the mount_program if installed, as long as the $HOME/.config/containers/storage.conf file was not previously created.  If storage.conf exists in the homedir, add `mount_program = "/usr/bin/fuse-overlayfs"` under `[storage.options.overlay]` to enable this feature.

Reviewer 2: Any time I see "older", "newer", "recent", I ask myself: how will this read in six/twelve months? Would it be safe to say here, "with kernels prior to 5.12.9"?

Author: No because it will be backported into RHEl8.

Author: How about if we just say `is not supported in all kernels ...`

> The Overlay file system (OverlayFS) is not supported with older kernels in rootless mode.  The fuse-overlayfs package is a tool that provides the functionality of OverlayFS in user namespace that allows mounting file systems in rootless environments.  It is recommended to install the fuse-overlayfs package.  In rootless mode Podman will automatically use the fuse-overlafs program as the mount_program if installed, as long as the $HOME/.config/containers/storage.conf file was not previously created.  If storage.conf exists in the homedir, add `mount_program = "/usr/bin/fuse-overlayfs"` under `[storage.options.overlay]` to enable this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Overlay file system (OverlayFS) is not supported with kernels prior to 5.12.9 in rootless mode.  The fuse-overlayfs package is a tool that provides the functionality of OverlayFS in user namespace that allows mounting file systems in rootless environments.  It is recommended to install the fuse-overlayfs package.  In rootless mode, Podman will automatically use the fuse-overlayfs program as the mount_program if installed, as long as the $HOME/.config/containers/storage.conf file was not previously created.  If storage.conf exists in the homedir, add `mount_program = "/usr/bin/fuse-overlayfs"` under `[storage.options.overlay]` to enable this feature.
```
